# despijan-designs-random


Risk & Control Goals

2024 Risk & Control Goal

My work on QAP directly supports Citi’s Risk & Control framework by
improving visibility into testing and strengthening confidence in
application quality. My goals are to:

Understand Risk & Control Requirements: Build awareness of Citi’s risk
management approach and ensure QAP features help QA teams identify
gaps in testing and mitigate risk before code reaches production.

Design for Risk Transparency: Create UI components that clearly
display test results, coverage data, and risk indicators so teams can
quickly spot problem areas.

Support Compliance & Governance: Ensure that QAP dashboards and APIs
present accurate, governed data that aligns with Citi’s data
standards.

Facilitate Early Issue Detection: Help teams discover failing tests
and risky code changes earlier by improving visualizations (e.g.,
heatmaps, coverage metrics).

Timely Resolution: Build features that support faster issue escalation
from QAP to development teams, reducing time to remediation.

Complete Mandatory Training: Stay compliant with all risk and security
training and apply secure coding practices in both UI and backend
code.

________________________________

Financial Performance Goals

Driving QA Efficiency Through QAP UI and Shared Libraries

QAP is designed to save time and reduce costs by making test results
easy to access, analyze, and act upon. My focus will be on delivering
a high-quality UI and contributing to reusable backend and UI
components.

Key Contributions:

Modern Angular UI: Build a responsive, user-friendly interface with
dashboards, heatmaps, and data filters that make it easy for QA teams
to analyze test results.

Spring Boot Backend Enhancements: Collaborate on backend APIs to
ensure data is well-structured, performant, and easy to consume by the
frontend.

Reusable Core Libraries: Develop shared UI components (tables, charts,
filters) and contribute to common backend utilities that can be reused
by other apps, reducing long-term development cost.

Expected Impact:

Efficiency: QA engineers and app teams spend less time searching for
test results and can identify issues faster.

Expense Mitigation: In-house QAP eliminates the need for expensive
third-party reporting tools and provides a customizable solution.

Improved Decision-Making: Rich analytics and dashboards enable teams
to prioritize fixes based on risk, reducing wasted effort.

________________________________

Client & Franchise Outcomes Goals

Enabling QA Teams with Better Tools and Insights

QAP’s purpose is to improve the overall quality of software delivery
by giving QA teams the insights they need. My work will focus on
enhancing usability, data presentation, and collaboration features.

Key Focus Areas:

Intuitive Dashboards: Create visual dashboards that make it simple for
users to navigate test runs, drill into failures, and view trends over
time.

Advanced Data Visualization: Build heatmaps, coverage views, and
historical trends to help app teams measure quality and readiness for
release.

Seamless API Integration: Ensure frontend and backend communication is
smooth, with well-documented and reliable APIs.

Support for Multiple Teams: Make it easy for new applications and
teams to onboard onto QAP by designing flexible UI flows and scalable
architecture.

Testing Enablement: Explore automated UI and API testing to maintain
QAP reliability, and share learnings with app teams to help them
improve their own testing strategies.

Expected Impact:

Improved QA Productivity: Teams can quickly find the information they
need, speeding up root cause analysis and defect resolution.

Better Cross-Team Collaboration: Consistent dashboards and metrics
give developers, QA, and managers a shared view of quality.

Higher Confidence in Releases: By surfacing risk areas early, QAP
helps ensure better-tested code reaches production, protecting client
experience.
